[contributor guidelines] Document the deprecations (#1592)
Qiskit/qiskit: docs/deprecation_policy.rst

            output = deprecated_function()
         # ... do some things with output ...
         self.assertEqual(output, expected)

Documenting deprecations and breaking changes
=============================================

> It is important to warning the user when when you breaking changes are coming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to warn the user when your breaking changes are coming.
```

This can be done in the docstring for the function, method, or class that is being deprecated, by adding a `deprecated note

> <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-deprecated>`__ immediately after the line with the short description.

Author: ```suggestion
<https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-deprecated>`__ :
```
